welcome back to the national school
games 2014 the stage is set the podium
is waiting who will walk away with
bragging rights from this week's
featured competitions let's take a look
at our title contenders first up we're
down at the burdock's Sports Hall where
acrobatic skills are on full display
from the National Schools sepak takraw
Championships 2014 each match is played
to the best of five sets based on the 15
rally point system with a minimum need
of two points traditional powerhouse
cha-cha Chinese secondary school returns
to the finals after a one-year hiatus
their last championship title was in
2010 and in 2012 the gold slipped from
their hands when they were edged out by
issue in secondary school this year they
faced off cross choke on secondary
school a newcomer in the realms of the
championships will this be an easy win
for chunk at Chinese seminary school or
will try to home second-rate fruit to be
a dark horse and stage a surprising
upset
CZs and yellow and CCK in green from the
start of the first set CCK leads 3-0 but
ccs is number eight revives as teams
flailing morale with a brilliant son
backs fight capitalizing on C CK's
mistakes the inspired CCS team goes on
to lead 12 9 however C CK redeems
themselves when they leap into action
and go on a scoring spree to secure the
first set in the second set
CCS finds for an equaliser both teams
are neck to neck but C CK's failure to
return the ball give CCS the crucial
point they desire but CCS is reprieve as
short-lived as C CK takes advantage of
borrowers to win the second set 8
minutes into the third set CCS is
trailing with a four-point deficit their
attempt to level up is denied by an off
court ball
however CCS finally takes C CK by
surprise and scores are much-needed
equalizer to boost their morale and they
continue their winning streak to take
home the third set in the fourth set C
CK's number 5 meets CCS is number 12 in
midair as they equalize CCS is left
stunned as they hand the point over to
see
hey in less than 30 seconds C CK's
impressive teamwork strikes home as they
perform a successful block two CCS is
bid for the title they sealed the
results of the set with a header in the
final set C CK shows their dominance by
leaving CCS trim behind but CCS refuses
to back down and pulls an unstoppable
son back scribe to narrow the gap but
it's C CK's consistent performance
excellent teamwork and intricate skills
that bring home the title I think that
winners are great every school is great
but today it's just our year
sadly the ball is trout that's only
gonna be one winner this year
sorry sir Catania it's just what you can
take I tell you if you are look at this
where you are amazing
tôchuken Secondary School is the newly
crowned champion of the B division champ
a Chinese secondary school settles for
second while Jerome will secondary
school takes third place